I was homeless, in different forms, from 2014 to 2019. Here is my compiled story, experiences, challenges, and reflections over those years. My hope is that someone can learn from what I went through. A project of mine, [Heartwarmers](https://www.aachips.co/heartwarmers), is a platform I wished would exist during this time. I am looking for collaboration and funding to launch Heartwarmers this upcoming Winter. If you would like to make a one-time, or recurring pledge towards the project, you can do so through my [Ko-Fi page](https://www.ko-fi.com/aachips) or on the Support tab on the bottom of the page.

In 2014, I dropped out of my last semester at college to [[climate-vault|walk across America.]] In the house and space I was living in I was having severe respiratory reactions to mold that resulted in me coughing up blood on more than one occasion. I did not want to move back to my hometown, and didn't fully expect that I would survive the walk. It took eight months, between a wonderful group of people. We camped each night, sometimes soliciting home stays from local advocacy groups who believed in what we were doing.  

At the end of that trek, I attempted living in my hometown and had issues adjusting to life there. I had difficulty staying indoors and was more comfortable sleeping in my car. I was not comfortable with, nor capable of sustaining employment. I lived between multiple people's homes on a rotation and earned my invite back by cleaning, washing dishes, and providing different forms of home care. I found every opportunity to leave and hitchhike, greyhound, or drive to places where I could stay with friends and simply exist without being a burden. If I felt the least bit unwelcome or that I had overstayed my visit, I would leave, even if this meant being in a dangerous situation. Despite having hosts, there were many times I ended up sleeping outdoors often in a hammock, or in my car, or on the ground. 

In late 2016 [[Standing Rock Vault|I traveled to Standing Rock]] to be a human shield against an eviction order against the tribes there backed by threat of live arms. This was with 10,000 veterans. It dropped to 40 degrees below zero while I was camping there. We were taken very good care of, however it was still a very dangerous situation because of the police and the state. I wanted to stay over Christmas, but the tribes asked for visitors to leave because the cold required lots of resources to sustain ourselves in and it was better if we didn't stay. I went back to my hometown and spent Christmas with my mother. That prior September she disclosed a very innappropriate piece of information about my Dad that made me very uncomfortable around her. The stress caused my neck and back to have gone out and for me to have slipped a disc on January 6th, 2017. I had collapsed on the ground and was in such extreme pain a friend had to call an uber for me from a different state to a chiropractor to avoid an ambulance ride to the ER.  I didn't have it in me to respond to her texts. I literally was frozen and did not have the ability to. She escalated and threatened to file an All Points Bulletin with the police on January 12th, 2017. This is while I lived in my car, and stayed often with a peer of mine who filed formal complaints regarding police brutality in the county. This could have put me or this person I care about in mortal danger. Calling a police check in on someone who lives in a car is a dangerous and unhinged thing to do. There were many mutual contacts they could have gotten in touch with to check in on me. At that time with the upcoming presidential administration, I was already at a state of heightened stress, and this threw me over the edge to the point where the only option I felt I had was to pack everything important in my car and leave the state to go somewhere new. I didn't have places to go or people I could stay with, nor did I feel comfortable asking at the time because I had deep shame about putting my hosts in danger because of unhinged actions of my parent. I blocked everyone and went to Asheville, North Carolina, mainly because I figured it would be a safer place to be out of my car. I didn't know where I could go or park my car. The first night I was out I stealth camped in my hammock. I spent the next eight years here rebuilding my life. I have chronicled and journaled the past decade and half of my life extensively and feel that it can be a helpful resource to others. 


