January 6, 2025

I haven't been sure how exactly to write this. It's five AM and I can't sleep, and I have a shift today. It's early January and during a very cold polar vortex event this week. A report recently came out that the last ten years were the hottest ten years in recorded history. The place I live was in the impact zone of a geologic event that decimated our region and has been described as an unnatural biblical level flood. My beloved dog that was my rock died right before the storm at the age of 3 traumatically. And the inauguration of 47 is in less than two weeks. Despite all that, I am having one of the best years of my life and have a very serene peace and calm that is keeping me grounded. Great things are happening in my personal life and breakthroughs I didn't think were possible. I really need to air dirty laundry about what has been happening in relation to my birth family.

I've cut off from both of my parents, separately, about eight years apart. The shortest explanation I can give diplomatically is that we have incompatible realities and conflicting moral values. This isn't about childhood abuse or neglect. As far as it goes, they have both done their best to provide for their children's needs. They are both independently financially well off. I wouldn't say they were rich when we were kids. I'd say they were at the bottom of the upper 5-10 wealth/income percentile in America and went up from there. We never had to go hungry, without housing, without medical care. Never without. If you are going by that metric on paper, we were the perfect nuclear family to the outside. 

But from the inside, it's gotten so bad that I want nothing to do with either of my parents. I don't want their money, or to be in their zone of delusion and denial. I put way too much of my energy into trying to fix things and make peace from within. I thought people could change, and I forgave and forgot, and the price I paid was losing everything I cared about and starting over from nothing. I don't think I'm better than anyone. All of our hands are dirty. But as far as it goes, I have not brought a child into the world or married, but I am living with the consequences of those who have and are miserable with their decisions.

I live a very simple low frills life. I don't travel. I rarely eat out or even go out past dark. I drive under 10,000 miles a year. I live under the poverty line and make it work. My rent has been very low and when I was on good terms with my father he helped me financially. I didn't think the money had strings, but there always are. I have been homeless for several years during that time. It's complicated. I am financially responsible and make good decisions. If I really needed to, I could probably survive living in the woods for a protracted period of time, and have, but that sounds like a horrible experience right now. I have a comfortable baseline on next to nothing, where the rent and bills get paid, the animals are taken care of, and I can manage my health issues without dealing with the medical system. I'm fine with living slowly. And I do have a really wonderful and supportive chosen family that I can turn to if things got really bad. But things have been really good and I'm glad to have them to share my life with. I've also been enrolled in school again the past three years and making the Dean's list. Considering I was a delinquent and terrible student in grade school, it's gotten a lot better when I am learning for myself and directing my own education. Homework went from being a complete nightmare I couldn't stand, to something I look forward to.

The bane of my life right now is that there is a young person I care about tremendously in my birth family that I had to leave behind. I was around in the first half of their life sporadically, and we had a great relationship. I haven't been allowed to have any contact for the past five years, since I left that family unit. 